= DESCRIPTION:

Installs and configures Zookeeper.

= REQUIREMENTS:

== Platform:

Tested on Ubuntu 9.10 on EC2 only.  YMMV on other platforms.

==Cookbooks:

Requres Opscode's runit and java cookbooks.  

= ATTRIBUTES:

You may need to tweak the tick_time, init_limit, and sync_limit attributes for 
your environment.

It's a good idea to change the cluster_name attribute to something 
meaningful, like "production".

= USAGE:

This cookbook makes a few assumptions about where files live:

/etc/zookeeper: configuration files
/var/lib/zookeeper: zookeeper runtime files
/var/log/zookeeper: zookeeper log directory

Use zookeeper::default to install and configure zookeeper, and start the 
zookeeper service.

The zookeeper::ebs_volume recipe searches for zookeeper volumes in the 
zookeeper databag and tries to attach one of them.  If none are available, the 
recipe creates a new volume and databag item.  This recipe is included by 
default, but is a no-op if not running on ec2.  The zookeeper databag must be 
created before using.

The ebs_volume recipe expects an "aws" databag with a "main" databag 
item.  The schema of this item is:
{
  "aws_access_key_id":
  "aws_secret_access_key":
  "aws_account_id":
  "ec2_cert":
  "ec2_private_key":
}

Note that servers in zoo.cfg are ordered by id, and this order may change if 
new servers are added to an existing cluster.  Is it possible that data could 
be lost if a new server is elected leader.  This could be avoided if new 
servers were always sorted last in the list, but I'm not sure how to do that.

= LICENSE and AUTHOR:

Author:: Grant Rodgers (<grant@gotime.com>)

Copyright:: 2010, GoTime Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
